# Fall2015MM804Project
Fall2015MM804Project
Abstract: Advantages in latest smart sensor technology - Leap Motion Sensor has made the markerless human hand and finger movements tracking possible with high accuracy and sampling rates. However, this new sensor still has low poses estimation due to the frequent occlusion of fingers. Finger’s self-occlusion has become a major problem when using a singer vision based sensor. The previous work by others has presented a novel multi-sensor technique that improves the accuracy of pose estimation. An offline trained Support Vector Machine (SVM) model is as a classifier that using a premeasured artificial hand to learn what kinds of hand positions and orientation are likely to indicate a higher accuracy pose estimation. Based on this existing work and proved the hypothesis that Leap Motion Sensor often remained accurate on the tracking of the palm position and orientation even in the high occlusion and posed estimation error. According to this information in the spatial domain analysis, the classifier is a success to select the best sensor-generated hand to pose at each time step that generate a fused sequence of optimal poses over time. However, the original method is using the discrete hand motion for training and testing, it is not very close to the real hand motions. I introduce a new Sided Stable Fact (SSF) version as an extension of the original algorithm that add the focusing on the movement tendency in the temporal domain analysis. Artificial hand used to configure the ground truth on some predefined hand poses. Then, experimental results demonstrate that the SSF version has commonly increased the total pose estimation accuracy by almost 3% compared with the original algorithm on continuously hand movements. Moreover, overall configuration achieves about 88.3% optimally for the test dataset. My method has increased the robustness of Leap Motion Sensors poses estimation by combining the spatial and temporal domain analysis from multiple sensors that placed on a different view of the position. 